David is a fallibleist but they find
this grating in some way that he's
carved things in stone I think John
Horgan
perhaps made this criticism or some
others have done it in print as well
this idea that one would carve things in
stone sounds somewhat ridiculous and
religious but
but I I find it a quaint idea and it's a
way of emphasizing This Magnificent
dichotomy it also underpins Constructor
Theory a a a fully fledged scientific
theory
and so it's important to have these
principles that underline
that underlie our rationality and our
reason
it doesn't mean that they cannot
possibly be criticized it doesn't mean
they're not fallible it simply means
that they're a good way in order to
arrange our reason in order to approach
problems in an optimistic way so